hey guys and welcome back to the
runescape video well today I'm going to
show you what I personally do for my
herb runs and how i make probably an
extra about a hundred k profit per one
which is definitely something you guys
should be using and it's slightly
different to what you may expect so
definitely keep watching if you're quite
curious as to what this is so in a basic
nutshell case you've never done no hope
on before you have no idea what it is
you pretty much go to the gun exchange
find out which herb seed will make you
the most profit by growing them and you
go and grow them in the six her patches
around runescape usually it's around
lanta dimes or dwarf reads I will make
you the most profit which require 73
farming and 79 farming respectively
which would definitely make you about
300 or so okay profit per gram and it
only takes about five minutes per one so
it's definitely worth using so before
going to details about how I make an
extra 150 k profit on my runs I just
talked about very quickly about the
items are use so i use the magics
equators which gives me a ten percent
boost to my herb yield and also use GG
farming potion which gives me a
thirty-three percent chance of picking
double the herbs unusual which means
just on those two items are making
forty-three percent extra profit than
usual which is definitely worth using
and also use the orders the green
fingers always which will give you two
percent at five percent seven percent
ten percent at fifteen percent
respectively you know they do get more
expensive as you go on will give you a
decent boost to your farming whilst
doing herb runs which is definitely
worth using and also ages ago i bought
the scroll of life which gives me a ten
percent chance of getting my seed back
whilst doing you know farming which is
definitely something I've been getting
the benefits from in the long run
because ten percent is definitely a huge
savings along the way which pretty much
means are making an extra ten percent
profit which we're now looking at over
fifty three percent profit just on those
items which is definitely something
worth using and also super compost it's
great to use because it gives a high
percent chance of your seed growing all
the way to the end of dying halfway
through so you can make them yourself
you can buy from the Greenwich change is
really up to you depending on which
profit you prefer to make it's only
about one chaos
in the grand exchange but in the long
run you will definitely see the benefits
to using it so if you can make sure to
use it so in total there are six her
patches one is in proof dienes which is
pretty much east of the low strain there
takes about 15 seconds to get there the
next one is intro hime which cannot be
diseased so don't really use a super
compost here we don't want to i use my
home tab which teleport me to the top of
the troll home because I've chipped it
and then the next one can be found in
kaytha be just use the k2 be low stone
and there's another like five to ten
seconds walk from there and just head
north west then the next one can be
found in Kanna fears once again using
your ecto file to teleport there is
another 20 seconds or so to get there
you should be able to do all of these in
about easily under five minutes so if
you can do it under five minutes that
will be great the next one can be found
in our doing just north of the city I
use my are doing cape from the
achievements it's such an easy way of
getting there literally takes five
seconds so it's a such a great place to
do now a quick tip in case you have a
full infantry of herbs and you don't
know what to do then you don't a bank
one of the best things to do is right
click it click use and use it on the
leprechaun he will note every single
herb in your inventory which means that
Ernie's uses up one slot instead of your
whole inventory which is definitely a
time-saver and finally the patch self or
falador which one of the easiest ways to
get that is by using your lumbridge
achievements reward the Explorers ring
and teleport to the Cabbage Patch and
just head north and is another like 10
seconds or so and you're there so such
an easy way of getting there ok so the
two extra patches i use while stirring
farming can be found in our career so I
just travel north east of the awkward
lodestone and there you can find a patch
where you plant a cactus seed and it
takes about nine hours ago just check
the health and they'll give you a decent
farming you know experience and every
nine hours you pick the cactus spine it
will make you an instant 30 profit or so
a thousand profit from picking it and
you do not get rid of the plan you leave
it you just pick this the spines and you
leave and you come back in nine hours
and you'll pretty much be able to make
another 30 k instant it takes literally
under a minute so there's no visas not
to be using it and the second patch of
use is the Michelle and mushrooms patch
which can be found just like three steps
north of the Caliph is favoring just use
the favoring code C KS and they will
teleport you there pretty much in
seconds and you about three steps away
all you have to do is buy Michelle and
mushroom spores from the grand exchange
they only cost about 30 gold coins each
and you plant one at the mochila
mushroom patch and you pretty much come
back in about four hours that's how long
it takes to grow and you get to pick
either aids or 19 Marshall and mushrooms
they are price at five kage so if you
have completed the mauritania elite
tasks you can pick 18 which means that
that's an instant 100k profit and if you
haven't completed the elite task so
you're only looking at about nine so
you're talking about still 45 k profit
which is decent profit in just seconds
so using those extra two you can easily
make an extra 150 k profit just by doing
that each time you do a herb blind so
it's definitely worth using so hope you
guys enjoyed this video it is such an
easy way of making money I'm talking
about 350 k profit from just about 5-7
minutes work so if you times that you
know the long run a blah blah blah we're
easily looking about 4 to 5 million
profit per hour you know if you could do
this constantly per hour so it's
definitely something to be worth doing
and keeping your eye out for because you
might not be able to see the Prophet
instantly but in the long run you'll
definitely be able to see the profits
stacking up they're doing this every
single day for about a week you're
talking about 7 million profit easily
and I'm going to do it three times a day
and let's take about an hour and a half
to grow so if you did it more times per
day you're looking at more profit per
week so hope you guys enjoyed this video
of course you have any questions post
below and I will see you guys tomorrow
with another video p cell